#### 1.impose sth on/against

> The Senate Finance bill would impose an excise tax on health insurance plans that cost more than 8,000 for an individual or $21,000 for a family.
>
> impose law/rule/fine/sanction/measure
>
> For the reason,the Ministry has seen fit to impose a new rule. [see/think fit to do]
>
> impose silence on the class
>
> impose a heavy burden on their lives
>
> impose qquarantine for sb.
>
> break sanctions
>
> lift sanctions on/against

#### 2.crushing
>suffer a crushing defeat
>The restriction rules were a crushing blow to malls
>be in crushing debt
>I do when I've been up half the night ,worrying about a project that's only one-third done,and I still have an apron to sew,scenery to paint,plus my normal crushing worload.

#### 3.mark
>Today marks the 80th Anniversary of the Social Security Act.  [Today/This year marks the XX anniversary of...]

####  4.warfare
>conventional warfare
>information warfare
>public opinion warfare
>psychological warfare

#### 5.splinter
>.....where society had splintered into the two factions

#### 6.potent
>But the other half of the name presents another ingredient,less infamous ,perhaps,but also strangely potent:the kola nut.
>Twice as potent as LSD
>
#### 7.trigger
>You're attempting to build on the work of Ebbinghaus by triggering an involuntary memory of me playing that game. [trigger memories of...]
>Why does social media trigger feelings of loneliness and inadequacy?
>Good weather triggers consumers' desire to go shopping.
>The cold air will trigger Leonard's asthma.
>trigger the voice activation
>This could trigger a tsunami that would create havoc along the coast.
#### 8.prompt
>But I knew it was not kindness that prompted the offer.
>One female comedian,Yang Li,has prompted several nationwide debates.
>
#### 9.immiseration

#### 10.unprecedented
>She was appalled by West Egg,this unprecedented "place" that Broadway had begotten upon a Long Island fishing village.
>
#### 11.cause alarm
>sound the alarm
>be a warning
>be a wakeup call

#### 12.priority

> Ensuring that our people have enough food remains a top priority for our government.
>
> In our work this year ,we must make economic stability our top priority and pursue progress while ensuring stability.

#### 13.doctrine

> The new doctrine of equality smashed the bond of subservience between apprentice and master.
>
> You are just going to try to recycle Adler's doctrine of the inferiority complex?
>
> a-    athist anarchy
