#### 1.take...seriously

> You must take it seriously, otherwise they'll be offended.

- take sth for granted
>You should not take others' help for granted.
>
>Well,you know.it's easy to take each other for granted.

#### 2.plentiful

> State dosh, combined with access to **plentiful** public data, has helped turn Chinese AI firms into powerhouses in certain niches.

> Migrants to cities are attracted by **plentiful** jobs, access to hospitals and education, and the ability to escape the boredom of a farmer's agricultural life.

#### 3.instead

- instead of

#### 4.be subject to

> be subject to rule/law/penalty/sanction

>In a society fraught by political danger, where individuals **were subject to** the arbitrary rule of their imperial masters, and careers and reputations could be broken on a whim, it was a safe pleasure, one in which you could lose yourself without fear. The poet Su Dongpo started growing his own vegetables and experimenting in the kitchen only after the collapse of his official career and the start of an impoverished exile.

> As such, they are subject to restrictions on exports to China put in place by Donald Trump and extended by his successor as president, Joe Biden. [put in place]

> Constant government policy changes and police brutality adds to the sufferings of the migrants who have already **been subject to** extended custody, cruel torture, forced labor and many other inhumane treatments.

> Go up to the roof, hop over to the next building. There is a small gap. Don't look down if you**'re subject to vertigo**.

#### 5.touture

> If Theon tracks us here, he'll torture them.

> **It was torture seeing** him dig up my grass.

#### 6.crypto

> a crypto-communist

> crypto currency

#### 7.make little difference

- =barely work

#### 8.evade

> Each had earned a prize for having been clever enough to evade him.

#### 9.crippling

- cripple

> When Carolyn left me, the loneliness was crippling.

#### 10.topple

> Her testimony is an effort to topple this administration.

- topple down 

  > Once he nearly toppled down a **flight** of stairs. 

#### 11.apply/put/place pressure on sb.

- escape, get away with，evade.

#### 12.tr.

>
