#### 1.cross the Rubicon 

> No return. She's crossed the Rubicon.

> That is a mistake, Linda. We've already crossed the Rubicon.

#### 2.make it illegal 

=illegalize 

#### 3.expel

- expel sb
- The IOC expelled Russian athletes.
- drop out——drop-out 

> Cultivating positive interpersonal relationships helped him **expel solitary feelings**.

> In 2021, the humanitarian crisis continued to intensify as the southern border of the United States saw an increasing inflow of migrants, and border enforcement officers used increasingly violent means to **expel** or prevent asylum seekers from entering the country.

#### 4.plumbing 

> the global-payments plumbing 

> Rather than letting a few credit-card firms **have a stranglehold on** the electronic pipes for digital payments, as America may yet allow, governments must ensure **the payments plumbing** is open to a range of digital firms which can build services on top of it.

#### 5.seize up

> My back seized up.

#### 6.access

the **opportunity** or **right** to use sth or see sb/sth

>Youngsters today have access to a wide range of educational choices unimaginable a generation ago.

> Despite intolerably high pressure, many talented people decide to stay in big cities because of easy access to excellent educational and medical resources.

> No man or woman should be denied equal access to education and employment.

> the problem of easy access to guns 

#### 7.reserve 

- v.

> reserve a good chair/seat for me.

> In my younger and more vulnerable years, my father gave me some advice. "Always try to see the best in people," he would say. As a consequence, I'm inclined to reserve all judgements.

> Reserve all judgements until you see the whole picture.

- n.

> Saudi Arabia has the largest **oil reserves** in the world.

> cash reserves
>
>  the Federal Reserve.

#### 8.evaporate

> lose courage/hopes=His courage / hopes has(have) evaporated.

> Commercial activities have stopped. 
>
> Commercial activities have evaporated.

> The **job security** that the US economy once offered to high school graduates has largely **evaporated**.

> If they lose people, cities will run into a fiscal crunch, too. Their **income** from things like hotel taxes and bus fares has **evaporated**.

- compare with 'disappear'

#### 9.threaten 

sth bad will happen 

> The fighting is **threatening to** turn into full-scale war.

> Reading books, going to the theatre or cinema, listening to new music, playing video games—all have been presented as **threatening to** undermine authority, degrade human relationships and lure people into sin.

>Then they got caught up in the Chinese government’s sweeping efforts to rein in the country’s technology giants, with a regulatory clampdown unveiled in July after months of rumbling that **threatens to** put an end to years of out-sized growth. 

#### 10.offshore

> There have been signs of stress in offshore dollar-funding markets, meaning foreign central banks may ask the Federal Reserve for dollars.

> It seems Fring had all these secret offshore accounts that he would deposit money into an even dozen of them.

#### 12.multinational 

> a multi-ethnic society 

> company, firm；giant, corporation, behemoth ；group, conglomerate 

#### 12.$

the rouble；the US dollar；the Japanese yen；the yuan

#### 13.tr.

