#### 1.crunch

a situation in which there is suddenly not enough of sth, especially money
>a cash-crunch
>If they lose people, cities will run into a fiscal crunch, too. Their income from things like hotel taxes and bus fares has evaporated.

#### 2.impede 
- hinder, hamper
>We will move faster to do away with all regulations and practices that impede the functioning of a unified market and fair competition.
>
>If you cherish an affection, sir, then fortune alone cannot impede you.
>
>This spring I came home heart-sore and soul-withered.
>And I met a gentle stranger whose society(相伴、交往) revives me. With her, I feel I could live again in a higher, purer way.
>Tell me, am I justified in over leaping an obstacle of custom to attain her?
>There is an obstacle?
>A mere conventional impediment.
>But what can it be? If you cherish an affection, sir, then fortune alone cannot impede you.
>
- thwart
  >Dionysus forces his followers to abandon rigid patterns of thought or behaviour that threaten to thwart their development.
- hobble
  >When China shuts its borders to foreigners almost completely, it stops imported infections but it also hobbles foreign businesses.
- inhibit
  >Repatriating supply chains, as Mr Biden would, will inhibit competition and grind down living standards.
  >The exit path from lockdowns will be precarious, with uneasy consumers, a stop-start rhythm that inhibits efficiency, and tricky new health protocols.
- discourage
  >Right now, the rules — on campaign finance, redistricting, even ballot access — overwhelmingly discourage competition.
  >And governments need to find mechanisms that cushion people more effectively against income shocks and joblessness without discouraging work or crushing economic dynamism.
- barrier
  >Lack of confidence is a psychological barrier to success. 
  >Problems with childcare remain the biggest barrier to women succeeding at work
- stymie
  >You know, I try very hard to make our lunch hours educational and informative, but your insistence on talking about your own lives stymies me at every turn.
#### 3.retaliate sb with 

#### 4.strangle
 kill someone by pressing their throat with your hands, a rope etc=choke
 >strangle/impede the economy
 >I had to strangle the sobs quickly—Dad would never take me seriously if I couldn’t—so I stopped the bawling using the old methods: staring my face down in the mirror and scolding it for every tear.
 >All outdated rules and regulations that sap the inspiration for innovation need to be modified or abolished without delay, and all red tape that strangles efforts to unlock innovation need to be torn clean away.
 >sap: make sth/sb weaker; to destroy sth gradually 
 >
#### 5.equivalent 
something that has the same value, purpose, job etc as something else 
>Sina Weibo, the Chinese equivalent of Twitter, has a built-in payments system and supports premium content, both features that Twitter lacks.
>They erased 395,000 hectares of forest, including huge tracts of ancient vegetation, between 2015 and 2016—the equivalent of 1,000 rugby pitches a day.
>
#### 6.be met by/with
+applause/enemy/critics/support/approval/opposition/disapproval/success/failure
>We have finally achieved success after hard work. 
>Our hard work has finally been met with success.
>
>We have won some support with our ideas. 
>Our ideas have been met with some support.

>Usually, he's met by cheers.
>
>But the critics of cash have been met by their own critics, who argue that electronic payments can disenfranchise poor people who lack easy access to bank accounts and the internet and can make it much easier for governments and corporations to monitor a person’s every step.
>
#### 7.「介词+which/whom」的定语从句：
>I won’t tell the secret to a person in whom I don’t believe.
>His failure was a heavy blow from which he never fully recovered.
>There is a great demand for high-quality tuna, on which people in Japan would spend much money.
>Without chips it(Huawei) cannot make the smartphones or mobile-network gear on which its business depends.
>
>She showed me her engagement ring, on which there were three small diamonds.（on which → on the ring）
>I arrived home at six o’clock, at which it began to rain heavily.
>I am looking for a box in which I can put some rare stamps.
>The speed  at which covid-19 vaccines have been produced has made scientists household name.
>And, besides experience, the games industry has plenty of ready-made early adopters for whom virtual worlds are already an established cultural norm.
>
- part/some/many/both/none...of which/whom...
  >The club consists of thirty members. Most of them are teachers. → The club consists of thirty members, most of whom are teachers.
  >
  >Mr Floyd's death in Minneapolis on 25 May sparked protests throughout the country and the world, the vast majority of which have been peaceful.
  >Mr Floyd's death in Minneapolis on 25 May sparked protests throughout the country and the world, and the vast majority of them have been peaceful.
  >
>Tina bought many books. Some of them are romantic novels. → Tina bought many books, some of which are romantic novels.
>
>It is one of the Wu languages of eastern China, many of which are mutually comprehensible, with 80m speakers altogether.
>It is one of the Wu languages of eastern China, and many of the Wu languages are mutually comprehensible, with 80m speakers altogether.

 >In a society fraught by political danger, where individuals were subject to the arbitrary rule of their imperial masters, and careers and reputations could be broken on a whim, it was a safe pleasure, one in which you could lose yourself without fear. The poet Su Dongpo started growing his own vegetables and experimenting in the kitchen only after the collapse of his official career and the start of an impoverished exile.
 >

#### 8.tr.